A large number of tunable settings are expressed via the SmartDashboard, as well as some
read-only (diagnostic) items. This is a brief summary of what they are and do or represent.

Most of these settings are set by code on robot startup, and any long-term changes should
be updated in code. Short term changes should be recorded elsewhere and saved for re-entry.

-- Settings --

"Forward Camera 1", "Forward Camera 2", "Forward Camera 3" - These contain the RoboRIO
  internal names for each of the 3 cameras. Generally these should be cam0, cam1, and cam2
  During bootup of the RoboRIO there is no guarantee which physical camera will get which
  name, and these may need to be changed on each RoboRIO reboot.
  
"Joystick X-Axis Deadzone", "Joystick Y-Axis Deadzone" - These contain the values under which
  the joystick drive input will be ignored. Values are from 0 to 1 and may contain several
  digits after the decimal point. The default value for both settings is 0.1 (10%).
  
"Articulation Speed" - This contains the motor power level (0 to 1) the arm articulation motor
  is commanded to move at when opening or closing the arm. Care should be taken changing this
  value. Setting it too high may result in the robot inflicting damage on itself as the arm
  swings around. Setting it too low may stall the motor and damage it. Default is 0.3.
  
"Spinner Intake Speed", "Spinner Eject Speed" - This contains the motor power level (0 to 1)
  the ball capture spinner motor is commanded to spin at when taking in or ejecting a ball.
  Default intake is 0.3 and default eject is 0.5.

- Autonomous Related Settings

"Full Power 10' Time", "Half Power 10' Time", "One-Third Power 10' Time" - These values
  contain the amount of time (in seconds) the robot takes to move 10' at the given power
  level. These values are critically important in calculating the distance to travel during
  autonomous. The values are based on the average of a number of runs over 50' with a full
  battery. If altering these values, be sure to test with a full battery (match conditions),
  and remember that changes here increase all travel times in all directions. (Eg. If more
  time is needed to CROSS a DEFENSE, but not to travel on the carpet normally, you'll want
  to change the program, not this value.)

"Auto Gyro Tolerance (+- Deg)" - This contains a value of "allowable" drift, measured in
  degrees, permitted during autonomous driving. Once this tolerance is exceeded the robot
  will stop and turn to correct the drift before resuming it's course. May need to be tuned
  significant higher for some defenses, or if the gyro is having excessive drift.
  
Speed Selector ("Full Speed", "Half Speed", "1/3rd Speed") - This selects the motor speed
  for autonomous only. Plan on setting this for each match to correspond to the autonomous
  program selected.

Autonomous Program - This selects which of the following autonomous programs will execute
  at the start of the autonomous period. 
    * Reach Defense - Moves the robot forward enough to come into contact with the defense.
    * Gun It & Breech Defense - Does exactly what it says. Moves forward at the speed set
        by the Speed Selector far enough to breech a defense.
    * Spy-Bot Low Score - Attempts to score a low-goal starting from the spy bot position.
        (Probably won't work w/o alot of effort to test)
    * Breech Defense to Left, Breech Defense to Right - Moves the robot to the defense to
        it's left or right, respectfully, and proceeds to move ahead to breech it.
        
- Drive Settings

"Drive: Flatter", "Drive: Medium Slow", "Drive: Slow RampUp" - These command buttons tell
  the drive system to re-scale the joystick input. The purpose is to apply an exponential
  curve to the joystick inputs, allowing for more range of motion at finer/slower speeds,
  while minimizing the distance from "fast" to "full pwoer". Each setting, as you progress
  from left to right in this list, increases the curvature applied, meaning you have to
  push forward more to get faster.
  
-- Read-Only Diagnostic Values

"Scale Factor" - The numeric presentation of the amount of curve applied to the joystick
  input. Large numbers indicate more curve.

"X-Scale", "Y-Scale" - The raw scaled input numbers from the joystick after scaling.

"Orientation" - Confirms the current drive orientation of the bot, "Normal" or "Inverted".
  A "Normal" drive state has the forward direction with the ball intake leading.
  
"Gyro Heading" - Updating only when driving, this is the heading the gryo believes the
  robot to be heading. Note this is relative to a "0" position at robot power-on. As the
  robot turns this can become a positive or negative multiple of 360 quite easily.
  
Scheduler - While commands are running you'll see them pop in and out of a list on the
  SmartDashboard. By default you'll (almost) always see the "Drive" command in a running
  state (with a "Cancel") button. As other commands execute they will be listed here.
  Commands generally should not be canceled unless attempting to avoid an e-stop.